#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   array-record
    #   keras-core
    #   keras-cv
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
array-record==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
blinker==1.7.0
    # via flask
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   flask
    #   tensorflow-datasets
dm-tree==0.1.8
    # via
    #   keras-core
    #   tensorflow-datasets
etils[enp,epath,epy]==1.3.0
    # via
    #   array-record
    #   etils
    #   tensorflow-datasets
flask==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via tensorflow
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.27.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==1.0.0
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
googleapis-common-protos==1.62.0
    # via tensorflow-metadata
grpcio==1.60.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.10.0
    # via
    #   keras-core
    #   tensorflow
idna==3.6
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==7.0.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   markdown
importlib-resources==6.1.1
    # via
    #   etils
    #   tensorflow-datasets
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via flask
keras==2.13.1
    # via tensorflow
keras-core==0.1.5
    # via keras-cv
keras-cv==0.6.4
    # via -r requirements.in
libclang==16.0.6
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.5.2
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
namex==0.0.7
    # via keras-core
numpy==1.24.3
    # via
    #   etils
    #   h5py
    #   keras-core
    #   opt-einsum
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   keras-cv
    #   tensorflow
promise==2.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
psutil==5.9.8
    # via tensorflow-datasets
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pygments==2.17.2
    # via rich
regex==2023.12.25
    # via keras-cv
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rich==13.7.0
    # via keras-core
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   promise
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard==2.13.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-datasets==4.9.2
    # via keras-cv
tensorflow-estimator==2.13.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.34.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==1.14.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
toml==0.10.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   etils
    #   rich
    #   tensorflow
urllib3==2.2.0
    # via requests
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.42.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   etils
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
